Research Methodology: The researcher will employed the quantitative method and use descriptive design to collect and analyze data for the study  to determine the Understanding the factors of using Chat GPT on the academic performance of Information Communication Technology (ICT) students of grade 11 and 12 in College of Arts and Science of Asia and the Pacific.


Findings: Present your research findings in a clear and concise manner. You can use charts, graphs, or infographics to illustrate your key findings.

Discussion: When understanding factors affecting ICT students' academic achievement via ChatGPT use, it is important to take into consideration both the advantages and disadvantages of this technology. Even while ChatGPT has a lot of promise to improve ICT students' academic performance, using it effectively involves carefully taking a number of aspects under perspective.

Conclusion: A growing number of teachers are utilizing Chat GPT and other AI tools in the classroom to support student learning and academic achievement by utilizing the advantages of technology. This study is titled "Understanding the factors of using Chat Generated Pre-Trained Transformer on the academic performance of Information Communication Technology students in College of Arts and sciences of Asia & Pacific Rodriguez Campus Academic year 2023-2024." This review study examines the literature on the effects of Chat GPT and other AI tools on academic performance, stressing both the benefits and drawbacks of these tools. Research indicates that while Chat GPT and other AI technologies offer the potential to enhance participation, feedback and assessment, and tailored learning, they also have certain drawbacks, including potential biases. These products are closely integrated with people's daily lives, able to establish a deep connection with  each individual, thus profoundly influencing people's behavior patterns and prompting continuous innovation in learning patterns. And help them to find more related studies for their future research.

References: Provide a list of references cited in your research.

Contact: Can you contact the email address of :

ellavillar18@gmail.com 
lestersavania@gmail.com
kylecuran@gmail.com

In case you want to collaborate regarding our research or reach for further inquiries